- The benefits of collecting reading notes in a PKM
	- The main benefits I see are:
		- 1. recap learnings from the book
		  2. improve your synthesis, linking it to experiences and insights
		  3. rediscover insights serendipitously (意外地)
	- It may also help you improve filtering which books you want to read. How?
		- The system imposes a "cost" on your reading
		- You become more selective
- Questions to ask yourself before deciding on a  system
	- Why? To inform how much effort you should put into this.
	- What is the output for me?
		- Pure retrieval (low effort, some tagging)
		- Output for a newsletter (medium effort)
		- Knowledge synthesis (high effort)
	- Do I just want to enjoy the book and have a relaxing read?
	- How can I make this low friction / pleasant ?
		- Thinking about ease of access / rediscoverable
		- Formatting
	- My two cents on reading and productivity
		- Beware of toxic behavoir
		- The idea of a "should read" checklist is a fallacy （谬论）
			- yeah, there is an achievement aspect that comes from reading books, but unto what end (但是到什么程度呢)
- Thinking about frameworks - what are others using ?
	- A few of the workflows that I've seen have similar parallels around capture and organizing.
		- [[Tiago Forte]] - C. O. D. E. Collect, Organize, Distill, Express
			- And the progressive summarisation methodology
		- [[Thomas Frank]] - Read, Highlight, Record, Synthesis
		- [[Ali Abdaal]] -  "Magical Insight logging framework" -> Consumption, Integration, Second Brain (again, more of a capture process)
	- The distinction between collecting and connecting
		- Thanks to Curtis McHale (and probably Nick Milo in an older video) - watch out for "collectors fallacy"
		- Collecting - resources with no output or further use.
		- Connecting - connect ideas and builds upon them to create value.
- Entering notes into a PJM system
	- Capture
		- Writing words in your own
			- Generally improved synthesis
			- Forces you to challenge the ideas, not just to copy them
		- Highlight and export
			- Kindle
			- Readwise - amazing aggregator
			- Raindrop.i.o, Instapaper, Pocket
	- Organising and synthesizing (getting into examples)
		- Different workflows that I have used:
			- 1. Writing in the same page
			- 2. Writing in a separate page
			- 3. Making individual atomic notes
	- It's always a trade-off between time and effort!
-
-